You'll have the opportunity to go above and beyond with this project.
We're giving you the styles and images so you
can focus on using React to build the project.
But if you think about it,
there are thousands of other students that are building the same project.
You can make yours stand out by giving it a different look.
Remember that you learn the most when you try out something new.
So why don't you try adding a new feature to the app?
You could add a feature on rating your books,
or maybe the ability to bulk move books from one category to another.
Now, these aren't required,
but they'll definitely push you to learn React.